Added UI references for testing config changes and VS Code for editin… (#16549)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration.markdown

<div class='note tip'>

>   Test any changes to your configuration files from the command line with `hass --script check_config`. This script allows you to test changes without the need to restart Home Assistant. Remember to run this as the user you run Home Assistant as.  Config changes can also be tested using the UI by navigating to Configuration, Server Controls and clicking "Check Configuration" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Test any changes to your configuration files from the command line with `hass --script check_config`. This script allows you to test changes without the need to restart Home Assistant. Remember to run this as the user you run Home Assistant as. Configuration changes can also be tested using the UI by navigating to Configuration, Server Controls and clicking "Check Configuration".
```

The simplest is to use the "File Editor" add-on. This will allow you to edit your configuration from within Home Assistant itself.

> Perhaps the most robust option is to load the Visual Studio Code add-on. VS Code offers live syntax checking and auto fill of various HA entities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perhaps the most robust option is to load the Visual Studio Code add-on. VS Code offers live syntax checking and auto-fill of various Home Assistant entities. 
```

> Yuou can use Samba file share (you need to install the "Samba" add-on) and your favorite file editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Samba file share (you need to install the "Samba" add-on) and your favorite file editor.
```

The most basic is to use SSH to connect to the system (you may need to install the SSH add-on) and then use `nano` (or `vim`) to edit the file.

## Reloading changes

You will have to restart Home Assistant for most changes to `configuration.yaml` to take effect.

> You can load changes to the following components without restarting busing the UI by navigating to Configuration, Server Controls and scrolling down to the YAML configuration reloading: [automations](/docs/automation/), [core (customize)](/docs/configuration/customizing-devices/), [groups](/integrations/group/), [history stats](/integrations/history_stats/), [HomeKit](/integrations/homekit/), [input_booleans](/integrations/input_boolean/), [input_datetimes](/integrations/input_datetime/), [input_numbers](/integrations/input_number/), [input_selects](/integrations/input_select/), [input_texts](/integrations/input_text/), [MQTT](/integrations/mqtt/), [persons](/integrations/person/), [scenes](/integrations/scene/), [scripts](/integrations/script/), [statistics](/integrations/statistics/), [template sensors](/integrations/template/), [timers](/integrations/timer/), [zones](/integrations/zone/), and more without restarting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load changes to the following components without restarting, by using the UI. Navigate to Configuration, Server Controls and scrolling down to the YAML configuration reloading: [automations](/docs/automation/), [core (customize)](/docs/configuration/customizing-devices/), [groups](/integrations/group/), [history stats](/integrations/history_stats/), [HomeKit](/integrations/homekit/), [input_booleans](/integrations/input_boolean/), [input_datetimes](/integrations/input_datetime/), [input_numbers](/integrations/input_number/), [input_selects](/integrations/input_select/), [input_texts](/integrations/input_text/), [MQTT](/integrations/mqtt/), [persons](/integrations/person/), [scenes](/integrations/scene/), [scripts](/integrations/script/), [statistics](/integrations/statistics/), [template sensors](/integrations/template/), [timers](/integrations/timer/), [zones](/integrations/zone/), and more without restarting.
```

Author: I need to be more careful! Thanks
